ISTE 330.01 - Habermas, Jim
Group 5 - Project
Authors: Maple Riemer, Declan Naughton, Raman Zatsarenko, Raghav Sharma, Sai Charkadar Meruva
Date Completed: 04/28/2023

Presentation Layer: "Presentation.java"

Start by connecting to the database. Click "Connect to Data Source" and enter "root" as the user and "student" as the password. You can leave these fields blank, and the program will fill them in for you. The program will let you know if the connection was successful or not.

Choose whether you are a faculty member, student, or guest.

If you are a returning user, you will need to provide your user ID to log in and access your previously stored information.

If you are a new user, you can add a faculty member by clicking "Add Faculty" and providing their last name, first name, email, and optional building and office numbers. The first faculty member added will have an ID number of 100, and each subsequent addition will increment by 1. The program will confirm if the query was successful.

Alternatively, as a new user, you can add a student by clicking "Add Student" and providing their last name, first name, and email. The program will confirm if the query was successful.

Guests do not need to log in at all, and will simply be granted access to their limited options.

If you are a faculty member, after creating your user entry, you have 5 options:
    1) Adding an Abstract. Clicking this opens a dialog page that lets you add an abstract via typing it out, pasting it into the area, or using a file.
    2) Adding a keyword to yourself, via a dialog that opens up on click.
    3) Removing a keyword from yourself, via a dialog.
    4) Searching student keywords, up to 3 at a time.
    5) Exiting the Program

If you are a student, after creating your user entry, you have 4 options:
    1) Adding a keyword to yourself, via a dialog that opens up on click.
    2) Removing a keyword from yourself, via a dialog.
    3) Searching faculty keywords (notably, these are based off abstract pattern matching AND the faculty's own keywords), up to 3 at a time.
    4) Exiting the Program

If you are a guest, you have 2 options:
    1) Search student keywords, up to 3 at a time.
    2) Search faculty keywords, up to 3 at a time.

To exit the program, click "Exit" once you have exited your option menu.
The program will confirm if the termination was successful and provide a timestamp.